# BK / PS Weekly Call

**Template**

*   _How is Bekka's world?_
*   _Status check-in / Philipp & Bekka_
*   _Newsletter content_

**=== Weekly Calls / Notes ===**

Regular topics:

*   Upcoming community call topics - reach out to interesting people

**27 January 2014**

*   LCL lab report changes: 

        *   next steps

                *   BK to make sure Google doc text is up to date, and transfer to Philipp/Natalie

        *   reframe timing
    *   outreach plan

*   Vanessa's Assessment post

        *   contact list for Thursday

*   Open Coalition Project Co-ordinator ([](https://wikimedia.org.uk/wiki/Open_Coalition_Project_Co-ordinator))https://wikimedia.org.uk/wiki/Open_Coalition_Project_Co-ordinator)

        *   We're part of it, the money is there, possibility for BK to bridge transition?

*   one-on-one calls?

**20 January **

**16 January 2014**

Progress

*   LCL in final layout - lots of discussion on last week's call about different tools
*   Discussion about blog revamp
*   Communications for Rhizomatic Learning
*   Draft brag page is up (not yet live or finished [](http://info.p2pu.org/wp-admin/post.php?post=3265&action=edit))http://info.p2pu.org/wp-admin/post.php?post=3265&action=edit) - a short list of projects past and present (not schools) but partnerships taking spotlight

Priorities

*   LCL report 
*   Brag page
*   Opening Data Blog
*   Adwords

Process

*   Bekka's hours / time
*   Governance during transition

Problems

Ideas

**16 December**

Progress

*   LCL draft - 3rd round changes done - share with MIT?

        *   Layout is in template, but changes can still be made in github

*   Progress with June - he's sent an update ([](http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/updates-on-p2pu-research-from-umd/333/2))http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/updates-on-p2pu-research-from-umd/333/2) - hopefully [ this week's community call](/YQ98A3hs2uX#-this-week's-community-call)

Priorities

*   Finish LCL layout, so text can be dropped in
*   Blog posts to be written (Data licence, DL MOOC?) - and scheduled, need to check with rest of staff re: communications schedule (philipp, dirk and vanessa have posts in the pipeline)
*   content map / content  shifts
*   Google adwords - follow up with dirk

        *   Remove access for disappearing brazilians

*    Citizen Cyberscience Summit - Feb 2014, London (call for papers/workshops out today) [](http://cybersciencesummit.org/)http://cybersciencesummit.org/

Process

*   Speak to Carl re: time management stuff (personal, rather than org-wide)

Problems

Ideas

**9 December**

Progress

*   LCL draft is DONE. Properly. Revised. Ready to share. 

        *   Erika is preparing the template - should be ready to drop in text and images tomorrow. 

*   Google Group updated / posting permissions changed
*   Mail sent to June re: data licence, waiting to hear back. Feels like a formality, rather than an actual "thing"

        *   BK to write a blog post explaining how and why we're using CC 4.0

*   Met with OKFest people

Priorities

*   Layout for LCL
*   Community call - Carl's ideas?

        *   Ask Carl to lead conversation about meetings / hours tracking [Carl: noted. shall do.]

*   Finish / update Content map
*   Table blog makeover conversation for community call
*   Data Licence blog post

Process

*   Offline most of tomorrow

Problems

Ideas

**2 December**

Progress

*   First draft of LCL report is done - this one needs feedback before I'm happy to send it to Mitch et al
*   Talking to Erika about template

Priorities

*   CC version 4 licenses are out - time to licence our data

        *   BK to check in with June about data status, what needs to go where

*   BK speaking to OKCon next week re: OKCon 2014 - general idea "here's what we learnt" 

        *   "Open Data and our research"

*   Update google group - in the info and the footer, and block posting rights for all staff
*   Prepare community call

Process

Problems

Ideas

**25 November**

**18 November**

Progress

*   LCL transcript it done, being edited and written up:

        *   Questions about format for this one - it's long, want to add more numbers/data viz stuff.

*   Content map: discussed with Carl, working on integrating it into larger comms strategy ([](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AiJ5HTWV0kHJdFpmZWN0djB4VnpiWTBfcmZhdnZaOFE&usp=sharing))[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AiJ5HTWV0kHJdFpmZWN0djB4VnpiWTBfcmZhdnZaOFE&usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AiJ5HTWV0kHJdFpmZWN0djB4VnpiWTBfcmZhdnZaOFE&usp=sharing))

        *   next steps: 

                *   feels like there is core content, and then there might be other content (like stuff about working with echnonest) which might be more appropriate as tagged, searchable blog posts
        *   We're missing a resource repository of content for the site, so wouldn't it make sense for all that stuff to be listed somewhere, as a shortform write-up
        *   one way of structuring it might be thinking about them as components and we dump shared knowledge into these buckets
        *   Right now there is no route in for newcomers to our site - 

*   Question: How did the chat with with Jane go? Anything about OER Research Hub we should do / write about?

Priorities

*   LCL report

Process

Problems

Ideas

**11 November**

Progress

*   Content map is underway ([](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AiJ5HTWV0kHJdFpmZWN0djB4VnpiWTBfcmZhdnZaOFE&usp=sharing))https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AiJ5HTWV0kHJdFpmZWN0djB4VnpiWTBfcmZhdnZaOFE&usp=sharing)
*   Data Explorer Mission posts (should) go up this week - we're having a call tomorrow to discuss what worked and what didn't (9:30 US Eastern) 
*   Assessment reports are being edited for publication (in as-yet-undecided format)

Priorities

*   Writing up LCL Report
*   Meeting with Jane Thursday to plan OER Hub report
*   Strategy Communications 
*   Python MOOC group - have mailed, waiting to hear back for profile

Process

Problems 

Ideas

**28 October**

Progress

*   MOOC Report done and up (I'm not 100% happy with how it looks, but am learning to live with it)
*   OER event was great - 15 people and the skeleton of an Open Economics course
*   Community call planning pad (to be outlined in this week's call) [Community Call Planning](/JG6nLsMn25O)

Priorities

*   <s>MOOC report </s>

        *   <s>blog post (stick to top of blog)</s>
    *   <s>share with team tomorrow</s>

*   <s>Python story</s>
*   Speak to VMG re: assessment posts & roles
*   Communications for strategy / philipp
*   Speak to Dirk re: etherpads
*   Speak to Erika / Dirk NEXT WEEK re: homepage update for reports
*   Text & plan for communication strategy to partners / funders etc

Process

*   Questions about ED panel

Problems

*   Site content (info <> homepage) stuck

Ideas

**21 October**

**Progress**

*   MoocMaker report is done, Erika helping me add static images, then ready to go live
*   Set up Evernote account, transferring over (lots of dead links)

**Priorities**

*   Music MOOC Adwords with Lucas
*   Repackaging Licence report
*   OER event

**Process**

**Problems**

**Ideas**

An up-to-date plan for upcoming community calls

*   Next 4 weeks
*   Who is on the call? What are we talking about? 

Invitations (email/tweet) on Monday (and reminder on Wednesday)

*   "This week we are doing XYZ in the call, this person is joining us. Prepare YZ for the call."

People who join us are briefed on what to expect, have prepared something (in cases where that makes sense)

**7 October**

**Progress**

*   Diigo updated, explore exports (find a place to store our media coverage)
*   List of community calls & speakers [](http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/community-call-invitees/244)[http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/community-call-invitees/244](http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/community-call-invitees/244)

        *   [Community Calls](/cSpbycu1bwh)
    *   internal content
    *   music mooc
    *   board meeting
*

*   List of upcoming reports (with rough dates) [](http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/upcoming-lab-reports/219/7)[http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/upcoming-lab-reports/219/7](http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/upcoming-lab-reports/219/7)
*   MOOC report is being checked by erika
*   Berlin Office payment follow-up

**Priorities**

*   Exploring Diigo alternatives
*   Announce Python MOOC #5 (launching 21 October) 
*   Finish content map and updates
*   Prep for OER Roadmap event

        *   Co-brand a report with OKFN from event - a narrative version of the timeline/map

*   Feel like community discussion in call was unresolved...

**Problems**

*   October salary - can it be paid early? 

**Process**

*   Co-working with Milena from OKFN this week

**Ideas**

**30 September **

How was the weekend? Farm?

Board meeting update

**Progress**

*   Copyright for Educators AU blog up
*   MOOC report up in github, adding images.

**Priorities**

*   Finish MechMOOC report
*   Announce Python MOOC #5 (launching 21 October)
*   BK to rearrange 
*   Finish content map and updates
*   Update Diigo, explore exports (find a place to store our media coverage)
*   List of community calls & speakers [](http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/community-call-invitees/244)http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/community-call-invitees/244
*   List of upcoming reports (with rough dates) [](http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/upcoming-lab-reports/219/7)http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/upcoming-lab-reports/219/7

**Problems**

*   I am sick. (Sorry to hear...)

**Process**

**Ideas**

**23 September **

**Post-Geneva thoughts:**

*   OKFN is the mechanism for other orgs to achieve their vision
*   Mozilla science lab and software carpentry - 2 new initiatives which seem to completely bypass things we have done with them and had me trying to field some awkward questions last night. 
*   LinkedUp possible pilot projects
*   European activity
*   A conversation I had with Karien:
*   some fairly pointed questions about who is on our board and what's going on
*   Rufus on our board as well as/instead of others / conflicts of interest? 

**Progress**

*   London meetup planning - [](http://etherpad.creativecommons.org/p/SOO_London_meetup)[http://etherpad.creativecommons.org/p/SOO_London_meetup](http://etherpad.creativecommons.org/p/SOO_London_meetup)
*   Lucas the Adwords guy onboard (need to ad MOU to dropbox)
*   Documentation to Marta
*   Data discussion with nadeem, june, et al

**Priorities**

*   MOOCMaker lab report
*   Confirm process for updating community picks in the future (use community call to do this?) -> 
*   Homepage content (homepage vs info)
*   Update (and make pretty) -> Supporters page (2 pages - 
*   <s>Adwords intern</s>
*   <s>email to workshop people about mission process</s>** DONE**
*   Put together a community calls programme
*   Make a suggestion for a different weekly call time

**Problems**

**Process**

**Ideas**