# Community Call - 18 December 2013

**Attendees**

*   [Philipp Schmidt](/ep/profile/Dc7zU8svumi)
*   [Erika Pogorelc](/ep/profile/oTNkHa0lFrI)
*   [Dirk Uys](https://p2pu.hackpad.com/ep/profile/ppBMkttdzda) 
*   [James Sheldon](http://www.jamessheldon.com/) - [snowdrift.coop](http://www.snowdrift.coop/) 
*   Bekka Kahn

**Agenda for discussion**

We're hanging out here: [](https://plus.google.com/hangouts/_/hoaevent/AP36tYczrOrL5iGVAubnBu_Lo0kOM8JbjI3e_SX-LPkhAj1bDTpY7A?authuser=1&hl=en)[https://plus.google.com/hangouts/_/hoaevent/AP36tYczrOrL5iGVAubnBu_Lo0kOM8JbjI3e_SX-LPkhAj1bDTpY7A?authuser=1&hl=en](https://plus.google.com/hangouts/_/hoaevent/AP36tYczrOrL5iGVAubnBu_Lo0kOM8JbjI3e_SX-LPkhAj1bDTpY7A?authuser=1&hl=en)

*   New format: an experiment for last call of the year! 

*   Staff update: what's keeping you busy (10 min)
*   WIP board:  new Trello board: [](https://trello.com/b/8NlzI2nG/wip)https://trello.com/b/8NlzI2nG/wip
*   Feedback:  

        *   needs visual indicator of change, priorities

***   our 'birds-eye view' of the big picture.  (15 min discuss + update)

        *   high level dashboard - not meant to track every ticket, just status and indication of workload/pipeline
    *   should allow a new employee to read and get a good sense of current operations
    *   should allow us to track (generally not in microdetail):

                *   if projects are big vs small time sinks 

                        *   label everything as ‘big’ or ‘small’ - can change over time
            *   P2PU lead on each project responsible for tracking whether project is requiring disproportionate time, and flagging problems

                *   staff workloads

                        *   every project has nominated P2PU lead
            *   can include checklists for ‘next steps/to do’ to assign responsibilities for project components
            *   can search Trello to generate list of person’s projects?

                *   funded vs unfunded time

                        *   label everything as ‘funded’ vs ‘internal’
            *   include in project status where funding is coming from (if it’s a grant-specific project)

                *   where our focus is as organisation:

                        *   should get good sense whether P2PU spending too much/not enough time on new opportunities vs particular showcases vs knowledge sharing etc
            *   looking at the diff lists and ‘big vs small’ labelling

        *   what it doesn’t track (isn’t meant to):

                *   not a project management tool: 

                        *   not for tracking every ticket on a given project
            *   up to project lead to manage as appropriate/preferred - eg with project Trellow board (GovLab) or just via hackpads and notes

                *   not a performance management tool:

                        *   not about accountability, about tracking what’s on, and where it’s at; provides first-level diagnostic re things getting out of control

                *   not a ‘to-do’ list:

                        *   while it does include some ‘to-do’ language and checklists, this board isn’t designed to replace a personal to-do list 
            *   This board is for mapping out what’s on as a whole, but doesn’t easily reveal what specific tasks I need to do today, tomorrow or next week.
            *   Personal to-do lists are personal - use whatever works for you and maintain it wherever suits

        *   how we might use it:

                *   needs to be maintained, not meant to be a big time-sink!
        *   before/during 1-on-1 calls - update any cards you’re lead for.
        *   during community call, could eg spend 10 min looking together, asking q’s or reporting progress/priorities
        *   using checklists for bigger projects just to track project steps and persons responsible.  Not meant to track indiv tickets
        *   note not meant to imply a rigid LtoR pipeline, just mapping out some buckets.  Constraint of the interface.  Not meant to model our workflow.

*   PPPI discussion

**Progress**

*   Using G+ to get profile info for class photo

*   Investigating Jekyll and github pages

**Priorities**

**Problems**

**Process**

**Ideas**

*   GovLab - would we consider doing another sprint?
*   Blog hassles
*   Discourse