# P2PU Project Call 

**People Parking Ideas **

*   Who receives DISQUS notifications for new comments on the blog (info.p2pu.org)? 

        *   I do - I also ignore them! 

*   Should we rather use discourse for blog comments? (P: I'm not sure if it is possible to embed discourse on the blog)
*   [](https://github.com/discourse/wp-discourse)https://github.com/discourse/wp-discourse
*   Let's make a decision/next steps

Question about how-to do hangout on air calls for P2PU

Would like to hear a bit re how DML panel went

Would like to divvy up some next steps on website upgrade 

## 3 April 2014

Question about community call: is it possible to schedule a live hangout so that we get a youtube link for the live broadcast beforehand? (June: Is there a hangout link we can join?)

Question from Open Education Europa on difference between courses and MOOCs and how we define them.

Discussion about website / brag page and where / how we list the partnerships and collaborations we have with people

June/Sarah joining the call today: quick update on DATA (I think we're ready?!?!)

## 20 March 2014

*   Vanessa:
*   Carl:
*   Erika:
*   Dirk:
*   Philipp:
*   Bekka:

## 13 March 2014

*   Vanessa; DML, Music MOOC press release

        *   Next up: community due diligence, project plan for fiction project, DML blog post, social learning course brainstorming

*   Carl: 

        *   Looking at OCW Ace Award nominees: Interesting to see what the state of the field is, and understanding the lay of the land.  Reminder that we're on the edge, rather than in the middle. 
    *   Updating strategy blog post
    *   Looking at contract with Mozilla for Webcraft
    *   Want to progress website redesign - mockups with Dirk to circulate. Project pages to be owned: will wrangle by separate email.

*   Vanessa:

        *   DML last week - went well
    *   Music MOOC - meeting with Soundcloud
    *   Fiction MOOC - working on project plan
    *   Community design course R&D
    *   Course on Open Online Learning for School-In-A-Box

*   Erika

        *   OCW paper
    *   Reports for assessment have been merged, but not yet published - want to check content first (P: please share, would love to see)[](http://reports.p2pu.org/reports/assessment_on_the_web/)http://reports.p2pu.org/reports/assessment_on_the_web/
    *   Wordpress meetup planning
    *   School of Open Homepage - pending, Jane has been travelling

*   Dirk

        *   Working on teach the web
    *   DL MOOC - they want to set up unhangout at the end of their course - 26th march
    *   Hightech high about using the Mechanical MOOC
    *   Internet of Things feedback, working on that.

## 6 March 2014

*   Dirk: been working on Teach the Web for the Mozilla project - 1st round finished last week, all material completed, still talking about what isn't ready yet

*   [](http://training.webmaker.org/)http://training.webmaker.org/

*   Bit of time updating content for the Mechanical MOOC - using ReaderDocs
*   Updating google form for Mechanical MOOC - replaced with a link into the forum which moves conversation into the public space
*   Talking to HIghTech HIgh about DL Mooc

*   Erika: finishing School of Open, waiting on SOO for feedback

## 20 February 2014

*   To apply:  Please send the following to bekka@p2pu.org by [TBC once this ToR have been accepted]:
*    - A resume that highlights those experiences and achievements that are most relevant for this position.
*    - A short cover letter that describes more about yourself and your interest in this position, with reference to the desired qualifications and responsibilities as appropriate.

        *   Comment from Philipp / Vanessa: add a line about the distributed nature of the work - how applicant has experienced, or would handle this 

## 13 February 2014

*   Mechanical MOOC

        *   we need to get all the data we want to keep for research questions before mailgun throws it away
    *   Dumped data for PWYM - This includes campaign data and messages - should allow a qualitative study of what went on in email groups
    *   Would like to include this in the next data release - don't think we can just share message content

*   DLMOOC

        *   we are testing out unhangouts later today to give them something with chat support
    *   Karen & Ryan is asking about ways to reengage learners, they are experiencing drop off.

*   Data release

        *   Data is almost ready - Sarah is compiling the last bits of data and we are working on the data dictionary (basically explaining what the data is about)

*   IoT

        *   sent a proposed budget - 1 week of involvement from us for the 1st course
    *   they are preparing a more detailed content document that we need to give feedback on

*   SoW

        *   perused proposal - seems good

*   SOO 

        *   Jane gave a great feedback on mockup
    *   starting to put the template together for WP

*   Reports

        *   Assessment part 2 went live yesterday
    *   LCL Report is still under review by Media Lab

*   Badges

        *   working on an iframe workaround

*   OCWC Conference

        *   Paper of 4-8 pages on assessment needs to be ready until mar 15
    *   I will use Assessment report for reference

*   2014 Budget

        *   board needs to approve
    *   invoicing for outstanding grant funding

                *   DML badges

*   Outstanding grants

        *   need to run 3 more MOOCs, writing, stats and education
    *   lies, damn lies and statistics

*   Licensing discussion
*   LCL2

        *   moving forward, project team of 7.5 people
    *   grouping process
    *   community
    *   tech infrastructure

                *   github pages
        *   mailing list
        *   March 18th

*   Unhangouts

        *   a little bit more of a platform
    *   2 people moving their conference online to deal with the bad weather in the Northern hemisphere