<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<meta http-equiv="Content-Language" content="en-us" />
<meta name="version" content="4190"/>
<style>body {font-family:Helvetica}ul.comment{list-style-image:url('https://hackpad.com/static/img/comment.png');} ul.task{list-style-image:url('https://hackpad.com/static/img/unchecked.png');}ul.taskdone{list-style-image:url('https://hackpad.com/static/img/checked.png');} </style><title>/3490$3KPl1uqaQIR</title>
</head>
<body><h1>BK / PS Weekly Call</h1><p></p><p><b>Template</b></p><ul><li><i>How is Bekka&rsquo;s world?</i></li>
<li><i>Status check-in / Philipp &amp; Bekka</i></li>
<li><i>Newsletter content</i></li></ul>

<p><b>=== Weekly Calls / Notes ===</b></p><p></p><p>Regular topics:</p><ul><li>Upcoming community call topics - reach out to interesting people</li></ul>

<p><b>27 January 2014</b></p><p></p><ul><li>LCL lab report changes:&nbsp;<ul><li>next steps<ul><li>BK to make sure Google doc text is up to date, and transfer to Philipp/Natalie</li></ul>
</li>
<li>reframe timing</li>
<li>outreach plan</li></ul>
</li>
<li>Vanessa&rsquo;s Assessment post<ul><li>contact list for Thursday</li></ul>
</li>
<li>Open Coalition Project Co-ordinator (<a href="https://wikimedia.org.uk/wiki/Open_Coalition_Project_Co-ordinator)"></a>https://wikimedia.org.uk/wiki/Open_Coalition_Project_Co-ordinator)<ul><li>We&rsquo;re part of it, the money is there, possibility for BK to bridge transition?</li></ul>
</li>
<li>one-on-one calls?</li></ul>

<p></p><p><b>20 January&nbsp;</b></p><p></p><p><b>16 January 2014</b></p><p>Progress</p><ul><li>LCL in final layout - lots of discussion on last week&rsquo;s call about different tools</li>
<li>Discussion about blog revamp</li>
<li>Communications for Rhizomatic Learning</li>
<li>Draft brag page is up (not yet live or finished <a href="http://info.p2pu.org/wp-admin/post.php?post=3265&action=edit)"></a>http://info.p2pu.org/wp-admin/post.php?post=3265&amp;action=edit) - a short list of projects past and present (not schools) but partnerships taking spotlight</li></ul>
<p>Priorities</p><ul><li>LCL report&nbsp;</li>
<li>Brag page</li>
<li>Opening Data Blog</li>
<li>Adwords</li></ul>
<p>Process</p><ul><li>Bekka&rsquo;s hours / time</li>
<li>Governance during transition</li></ul>
<p>Problems</p><p>Ideas</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p><b>16 December</b></p><p>Progress</p><ul><li>LCL draft - 3rd round changes done - share with MIT?<ul><li>Layout is in template, but changes can still be made in github</li></ul>
</li>
<li>Progress with June - he&rsquo;s sent an update (<a href="http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/updates-on-p2pu-research-from-umd/333/2)"></a>http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/updates-on-p2pu-research-from-umd/333/2) - hopefully&nbsp;<a href='/YQ98A3hs2uX#-this-week&rsquo;s-community-call'/> this week&rsquo;s community call</a></li></ul>
<p>Priorities</p><ul><li>Finish LCL layout, so text can be dropped in</li>
<li>Blog posts to be written (Data licence, DL MOOC?) - and scheduled, need to check with rest of staff re: communications schedule (philipp, dirk and vanessa have posts in the pipeline)</li>
<li>content map / content&nbsp; shifts</li>
<li>Google adwords - follow up with dirk<ul><li>Remove access for disappearing brazilians</li></ul>
</li>
<li>&nbsp;Citizen Cyberscience Summit - Feb 2014, London (call for papers/workshops out today) <a href="http://cybersciencesummit.org/"></a>http://cybersciencesummit.org/</li></ul>
<p>Process</p><ul><li>Speak to Carl re: time management stuff (personal, rather than org-wide)</li></ul>
<p>Problems</p><p>Ideas</p><p></p><p><b>9 December</b></p><p>Progress</p><ul><li>LCL draft is DONE. Properly. Revised. Ready to share.&nbsp;<ul><li>Erika is preparing the template - should be ready to drop in text and images tomorrow.&nbsp;</li></ul>
</li>
<li>Google Group updated / posting permissions changed</li>
<li>Mail sent to June re: data licence, waiting to hear back. Feels like a formality, rather than an actual &quot;thing&quot;<ul><li>BK to write a blog post explaining how and why we&rsquo;re using CC 4.0</li></ul>
</li>
<li>Met with OKFest people</li></ul>
<p>Priorities</p><ul><li>Layout for LCL</li>
<li>Community call - Carl&rsquo;s ideas?<ul><li>Ask Carl to lead conversation about meetings / hours tracking [Carl: noted. shall do.]</li></ul>
</li>
<li>Finish / update Content map</li>
<li>Table blog makeover conversation for community call</li>
<li>Data Licence blog post</li>
<li>Google adwords<ul><li>BK to talk to Dirk, and figure out if it&rsquo;s something we can do internally</li></ul>
</ul>
<p>Process</p><ul><li>Offline most of tomorrow</li></ul>
<p>Problems</p><p>Ideas</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p><b>2 December</b></p><p>Progress</p><ul><li>First draft of LCL report is done - this one needs feedback before I&rsquo;m happy to send it to Mitch et al</li>
<li>Talking to Erika about template</li></ul>
<p>Priorities</p><ul><li>CC version 4 licenses are out - time to licence our data<ul><li>BK to check in with June about data status, what needs to go where</li></ul>
</li>
<li>BK speaking to OKCon next week re: OKCon 2014 - general idea &quot;here&rsquo;s what we learnt&quot;&nbsp;<ul><li>&quot;Open Data and our research&quot;</li></ul>
</li>
<li>Update google group - in the info and the footer, and block posting rights for all staff</li>
<li>Prepare community call</li></ul>
<p>Process</p><p>Problems</p><p>Ideas</p><p></p><p><b>25 November</b></p><p></p><p></p><p><b>18 November</b></p><p>Progress</p><ul><li>LCL transcript it done, being edited and written up:<ul><li>Questions about format for this one - it&rsquo;s long, want to add more numbers/data viz stuff.</li></ul>
</li>
<li>Content map: discussed with Carl, working on integrating it into larger comms strategy (<a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AiJ5HTWV0kHJdFpmZWN0djB4VnpiWTBfcmZhdnZaOFE&usp=sharing)"></a><a href='https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AiJ5HTWV0kHJdFpmZWN0djB4VnpiWTBfcmZhdnZaOFE&amp;usp=sharing'/>https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AiJ5HTWV0kHJdFpmZWN0djB4VnpiWTBfcmZhdnZaOFE&amp;usp=sharing</a>)<ul><li>next steps:&nbsp;<ul><li>feels like there is core content, and then there might be other content (like stuff about working with echnonest) which might be more appropriate as tagged, searchable blog posts</li>
<li>We&rsquo;re missing a resource repository of content for the site, so wouldn&rsquo;t it make sense for all that stuff to be listed somewhere, as a shortform write-up</li>
<li>one way of structuring it might be thinking about them as components and we dump shared knowledge into these buckets</li>
<li>Right now there is no route in for newcomers to our site -&nbsp;</li></ul>
</li></ul>
</li>
<li>Question: How did the chat with with Jane go? Anything about OER Research Hub we should do / write about?</li></ul>
<p>Priorities</p><ul><li>LCL report</li>
<li>Communicating Carl - have we told schools/partners that he&rsquo;s on board, and why?<ul><li>If not, we really need to. An onboarding blog post would also be good</li></ul>
</ul>
<p>Process</p><p>Problems</p><p>Ideas</p><p></p><p></p><p><b>11 November</b></p><p>Progress</p><ul><li>Content map is underway (<a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AiJ5HTWV0kHJdFpmZWN0djB4VnpiWTBfcmZhdnZaOFE&usp=sharing)"></a>https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AiJ5HTWV0kHJdFpmZWN0djB4VnpiWTBfcmZhdnZaOFE&amp;usp=sharing)</li>
<li>Data Explorer Mission posts (should) go up this week - we&rsquo;re having a call tomorrow to discuss what worked and what didn&rsquo;t (9:30 US Eastern)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Assessment reports are being edited for publication (in as-yet-undecided format)</li></ul>
<p>Priorities</p><ul><li>Writing up LCL Report</li>
<li>Meeting with Jane Thursday to plan OER Hub report</li>
<li>Strategy Communications&nbsp;</li>
<li>Python MOOC group - have mailed, waiting to hear back for profile</li></ul>
<p>Process</p><ul><li>From Thursday&rsquo;s meeting: &quot;P2PU Lab Report about Mechanical MOOC is making waves. We are getting very positive feedback.&quot; can we share?<ul><li>Question: Why didn&rsquo;t you tweet about the report? (I tweeted about it from @p2pu)</li></ul>
</ul>
<p>Problems&nbsp;</p><p>Ideas</p><p></p><p></p><p><b>28 October</b></p><p></p><p>Progress</p><ul><li>MOOC Report done and up (I&rsquo;m not 100% happy with how it looks, but am learning to live with it)</li>
<li>OER event was great - 15 people and the skeleton of an Open Economics course</li>
<li>Community call planning pad (to be outlined in this week&rsquo;s call) <a href='/JG6nLsMn25O'/>Community Call Planning</a></li></ul>
<p>Priorities</p><ul><li><s>MOOC report&nbsp;</s><ul><li><s>blog post (stick to top of blog)</s></li>
<li><s>share with team tomorrow</s></li></ul>
</li>
<li><s>Python story</s></li>
<li>Speak to VMG re: assessment posts &amp; roles</li>
<li>Communications for strategy / philipp</li>
<li>Speak to Dirk re: etherpads</li>
<li>Speak to Erika / Dirk NEXT WEEK re: homepage update for reports</li>
<li>Text &amp; plan for communication strategy to partners / funders etc</li></ul>
<p>Process</p><ul><li>Questions about ED panel</li></ul>
<p>Problems</p><ul><li>Site content (info &lt;&gt; homepage) stuck</li></ul>
<p>Ideas</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p><b>21 October</b></p><p></p><p><b>Progress</b></p><ul><li>MoocMaker report is done, Erika helping me add static images, then ready to go live</li>
<li>Set up Evernote account, transferring over (lots of dead links)</li></ul>
<p><b>Priorities</b></p><ul><li>Music MOOC Adwords with Lucas</li>
<li>Repackaging Licence report</li>
<li>OER event</li></ul>
<p><b>Process</b></p><p></p><p><b>Problems</b></p><p><b>Ideas</b></p><p></p><p>An up-to-date plan for upcoming community calls</p><ul><li>Next 4 weeks</li>
<li>Who is on the call? What are we talking about?&nbsp;</li></ul>
<p>Invitations (email/tweet) on Monday (and reminder on Wednesday)</p><ul><li>&quot;This week we are doing XYZ in the call, this person is joining us. Prepare YZ for the call.&quot;</li></ul>
<p>People who join us are briefed on what to expect, have prepared something (in cases where that makes sense)</p><p></p><p><b>7 October</b></p><p><b>Progress</b></p><ul><li>Diigo updated, explore exports (find a place to store our media coverage)</li>
<li>List of community calls &amp; speakers <a href="http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/community-call-invitees/244"></a><a href='http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/community-call-invitees/244'/>http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/community-call-invitees/244</a><ul><li><a href='/cSpbycu1bwh'/>Community Calls</a></li>
<li>internal content</li>
<li>music mooc</li>
<li>board meeting</li>
<li><br/></li></ul>
</li>
<li>List of upcoming reports (with rough dates) <a href="http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/upcoming-lab-reports/219/7"></a><a href='http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/upcoming-lab-reports/219/7'/>http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/upcoming-lab-reports/219/7</a></li>
<li>MOOC report is being checked by erika</li>
<li>Berlin Office payment follow-up</li></ul>

<p><b>Priorities</b></p><ul><li>Exploring Diigo alternatives</li>
<li>Announce Python MOOC #5 (launching 21 October)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Finish content map and updates</li>
<li>Prep for OER Roadmap event<ul><li>Co-brand a report with OKFN from event - a narrative version of the timeline/map</li></ul>
</li>
<li>Feel like community discussion in call was unresolved...</li></ul>

<p><b>Problems</b></p><ul><li>October salary - can it be paid early?&nbsp;</li></ul>

<p><b>Process</b></p><ul><li>Co-working with Milena from OKFN this week</li></ul>

<p></p><p><b>Ideas</b></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p><b>30 September&nbsp;</b></p><p></p><p>How was the weekend? Farm?</p><p>Board meeting update</p><p></p><p><b>Progress</b></p><ul><li>Copyright for Educators AU blog up</li>
<li>MOOC report up in github, adding images.</li></ul>

<p><b>Priorities</b></p><ul><li>Finish MechMOOC report</li>
<li>Announce Python MOOC #5 (launching 21 October)</li>
<li>BK to rearrange&nbsp;</li>
<li>Finish content map and updates</li>
<li>Update Diigo, explore exports (find a place to store our media coverage)</li>
<li>List of community calls &amp; speakers <a href="http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/community-call-invitees/244"></a>http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/community-call-invitees/244</li>
<li>List of upcoming reports (with rough dates) <a href="http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/upcoming-lab-reports/219/7"></a>http://thepeople.p2pu.org/t/upcoming-lab-reports/219/7</li>
<li>Question in community call about how we feel re: discourse and what this means for the community?&nbsp;<ul><li>BK to check community list - switch to announce only if not already.</li>
<li>BK to bring questions to community call</li></ul>
</ul>

<p><b>Problems</b></p><ul><li>I am sick. (Sorry to hear...)</li></ul>

<p><b>Process</b></p><p></p><p><b>Ideas</b></p><ul><li>LinkedUp project<ul><li>Handbook</li>
<li><a href="http://linkedup-project.eu/news-blog/"></a><a href='http://linkedup-project.eu/news-blog/'/>http://linkedup-project.eu/news-blog/</a></li></ul>
</ul>

<p></p><p></p><p><b>23 September&nbsp;</b></p><p></p><p><b>Post-Geneva thoughts:</b></p><ul><li>OKFN is the mechanism for other orgs to achieve their vision</li>
<li>Mozilla science lab and software carpentry - 2 new initiatives which seem to completely bypass things we have done with them and had me trying to field some awkward questions last night.&nbsp;</li>
<li>LinkedUp possible pilot projects</li>
<li>European activity</li>
<li>A conversation I had with Karien:</li>
<li>some fairly pointed questions about who is on our board and what&rsquo;s going on</li>
<li>Rufus on our board as well as/instead of others / conflicts of interest?&nbsp;</li></ul>

<p><b>Progress</b></p><ul><li>London meetup planning - <a href="http://etherpad.creativecommons.org/p/SOO_London_meetup"></a><a href='http://etherpad.creativecommons.org/p/SOO_London_meetup'/>http://etherpad.creativecommons.org/p/SOO_London_meetup</a></li>
<li>Lucas the Adwords guy onboard (need to ad MOU to dropbox)</li>
<li>Documentation to Marta</li>
<li>Data discussion with nadeem, june, et al</li></ul>

<p><b>Priorities</b></p><ul><li>MOOCMaker lab report</li>
<li>Confirm process for updating community picks in the future (use community call to do this?) -&gt;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Homepage content (homepage vs info)</li>
<li>Update (and make pretty) -&gt; Supporters page (2 pages -&nbsp;</li>
<li><s>Adwords intern</s></li>
<li><s>email to workshop people about mission process</s><b> DONE</b></li>
<li>Put together a community calls programme</li>
<li>Make a suggestion for a different weekly call time</li></ul>
<p><b>Problems</b></p><p><b>Process</b></p><p><b>Ideas</b></p><ul><li>LinkedUp project<ul><li>Handbook</li>
<li><a href="http://linkedup-project.eu/news-blog/"></a><a href='http://linkedup-project.eu/news-blog/'/>http://linkedup-project.eu/news-blog/</a></li>
<li><br/></li></ul>
</ul>

</body>
</html>
